Migration tabs sample (#964)
GoogleChrome/chrome-extensions-samples: api-samples/tabs/inspector/README.md

# chrome.tabs - Tab Inspector

A sample that demonstrates how to use the [`chrome.tabs`](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/tabs/) API.

## Overview

> In the sample, a simple tab inspector is implemented to manpulate the tabs and windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the sample, a simple tab inspector is implemented to manipulate the tabs and windows.
```

Author: Done. https://github.com/GoogleChrome/chrome-extensions-samples/pull/964/commits/abc522edf642740cc6dfcf9c83ca39b446567b78

> In the sample, a simple tab inspector is implemented to manipulate the tabs and windows.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the sample, a simple tab inspector manipulates the tabs and windows.
```
